today I'll be doing an unboxing of the
Sudoku wireless 3d mouse keyboard so
this is a company that's based in Taiwan
they're calling this the air keyboard
let's have a look at what else they have
to say about themselves it is ok beyond
limitation easy installation good
Wireless light plug-and-play
ok interesting let's see what else we
got here same kind of stuff operating
voltage 2 to 3 volts 2 double-a
batteries is what powers it it supports
pretty much every OS under the Sun
including Linux look at that and
interesting effective range of up to 10
meters hotkeys for controlling Windows
multimedia functions motion sensing air
mouths now that is cool left and right
mouse buttons so here we go let's go
ahead a little screwdriver here cuz I
lost my unboxing name yet again yeah
let's open this thing up and have a look
it actually looks pretty cool based on
my analysis at the outside packaging but
remains to be seen how good the product
looks so it comes with a couple double-a
energizer batteries very nice
those don't expire until 2017 so those
will last you a little while ok and then
we have the oh that's a clever way to
store the dongle look at that so the
dongle plugs into a dummy USB port on
the back for storage and then you just
unplug that plug it into your USB port
and off you go it's plug-and-play the
battery is installed here as well as
here so the weight of the unit should be
pretty even to the left and the right
and let's have a look at the overall
layout of it so you've got a full QWERTY
keyboard layout yeah almost everything
no compromise is being made here so all
the number keys the tab you've got all
your letters you've got like your
brackets and your backslash and your
semicolon your posture fee so you can
you can actually type let's let's have a
look ok
personally I would have preferred if the
letters were a little bit more centered
on the layout because when I find myself
doing is gravitating towards here as
kind of my home row spots when actually
they're more like sort of here so it's a
bit of a reach for my right hand so yeah
the spacing is it feels a little funny
but I think you'd get used to that
without too much difficulty now it's got
a space key that actually has three
points under it I can feel three
distinct switches down there so what's
nice is that means if you hit it with
your left hand or your right hand you're
still going to get it to register okay
your backspace key here you got your
delete you got your calculator search my
computer email and internet hotkeys then
you also have media keys mute volume
down volume up stop back for word pause
play and skip as well as a hmm most
pointer key and a Windows key now you
can use the mouse like this or you've
got interesting so alright you know
either the option of the air using these
as an air mouse or you can move the
pointer around this way there's your
middle click there's your left and
there's a right click I'm gonna have to
try this as an air mouse to see how it
goes though so the air mouse actually
works surprisingly well so check out the
computer screen basically I'm going to
lean forward a little bit so you can
kind of see what I'm doing but all I
have to do is aim it around kind of like
a laser pointer at the screen and I can
move the mouse cursor around now in
terms of accuracy let's go ahead so I
can double left-click using the shoulder
button here and don't ask me again I can
go here and I can go to youtube.com
and my cat is drinking my water can you
believe this oh my internet connection
is down okay give me a sec guys
sorry about that guys okay I got my
internet working now so we're gonna go
ahead go to youtube.com there we go so
I'm going to tie
I don't know liest
whoops tips I turn when I can find oh
channel nice to cave so it looks like a
good channel it's gonna maximize the
window here scroll down so the accuracy
is actually good enough for me to sit
here and and use my computer as I
normally would see pesky oscillating
video so there you go that is the air
keyboard thank you for checking out my
video don't forget to subscribe for
Linus tech tips for more unboxings
reviews and other computer videos